# Changes

- 19/12/2016

    - new configuration: `\Configure{resettoclevels}{list of sectioning levels to be included in the NCX}`

- 31/10/2016

    - added tidyconf.conf to the Makefile

- 22/10/2016

    - added support for new Make4ht command `Make:add_file`

- 22/08/2016

    - fixed incorrect `<dc:creator>` generated by `\author`
    - clean ids in the OPF file if they contain invalid characters at the beginning

- 31/07/2016

    - use monospace font for command line options in order to prevent double
      hyphens to become dashes by ligaturing

- 22/07/2016

    - removed debugging message when `--lua` option is used

- 07/04/2016

    - Cut `\part` commands to standalone pages

- 05/04/2016 

    - bug fix: pages which contained math were arranged before other pages

- 31/03/2016 Version 0.1d 

    - bug fix: Unicode wasn't used by default 
    - bug fix: Formats weren't preserved


- 06/12/2015 Version 0.1c

    - added `--help` and `--version` command line options

- 25/11/2015

    - added missing language codes
    - added `\Configure{DocumentLanguage}` for the cases when document language inferencing doesn't work

- 17/11/2015

    - use mkparams for cli arguments handling. 
    - fixed inconsistencies between recent changes in make4ht and tex4ebook

- 24/09/2015 Version 0.1b

    - info about new workaround for `fontspec` package

- 25/08/2015

    - fatal error happened with epub3 when the document didn't contain the TOC

- 23/08/2015

    - simple cleaning of the ncx file if tidy command isn't available

- 05/07/2015 Version 0.1a

     - `tex4ebook` script was missing in the distribution zip file
     - all links moved to footnotes in the documentation

- 29/06/2015 Version 0.1

     - fixes in documentation

- 22/06/2015 

     - changes moved from README.md to CHANGELOG.md


- 18/06/2015 

     - replaced `--mathml` option with `--mode`. For `mathml` support, use`mathml` option for `tex4ht.sty`.
     - lot of stuff was fixed in `epub3` support. 
     - new command `\OpfAddProperty`  

- 14/01/2015 

      - thanks Volker Gottwald for guide on [installing and using
        tex4ebook](https://d800fotos.wordpress.com/2015/01/19/create-e-books-from-latex-tex-files-ebook-aus-latex-tex-dateien-erstellen/)
        on Windows

- 23/11/2014 

      - added new command `\OpfGuide`, for adding items to `<guide>`
        section in the `opf` file. This is useful for `epub` and `mobi` formats.

        Usage:

             \OpfGuide[filename]{title}{reference type}

         `filename` is optional, current file name is used when empty. See
         [epub 
         secrets](http://epubsecrets.com/where-do-you-start-an-epub-and-what-is-the-guide-section-of-the-opf-file.php)
         article

- 20/10/2014 

       - fixed issues with starred sections

       - files created with starred sectioning commands (`\chapter*`,
         `\section*`) should be included in correct reading order now

- 16/09/2014 

       - new features added
       - new configuration file for `--tidy` option, mathml and html5 elements
         are supported. This means that many validation errors in `mathml`
         output can be fixed with `--tidy` option
       - added configuration for all languages supported by `babel`
       - `woff` and `ttf` fonts are supported
       - added inline footlines in `epub3` format
       - added `no-cut` command line option for breaking sections and chapters
         into standalone pages
       - Please support [iniciative for improving mathml
         support](http://www.ulule.com/mathematics-ebooks/) in Gecko and Webkit
         engines. This will hopefully improve also Epub3 readers.

  

- 10/08/2013
  
       - [`make4ht`](https://github.com/michal-h21/make4ht) is now standalone
         application which `tex4ebook` depends on. You must [install
it](https://github.com/michal-h21/make4ht#instalation) 
         in order to use current `tex4ebook` version.
